Publish Different GPS Messages for `local` and `WGS 84` Coordinate Systems (#2368)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/changelog-r2021.md

    - Added the `wb_connector_is_locked` function to returns the current *isLocked* state of a [Connector](connector.md) ([#2087](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2087)).
    - Added the possibility to use an EUN (East-Up-North) coordinate system in the `coordinateSystem` field of the [WorldInfo](worldinfo.md) node ([#2228](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2228)).
    - Added the possibility to disable rendering in the `realtime` mode ([#2286](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2286)).
  - Cleanup
    - **Deleted `run` mode as the same behavior now can be achieved by using `fast` mode while keeping the rendering turned on ([#2286](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2286)).**
    - Added two new functions to the [Camera](camera.md) API called [`wb_camera_get_exposure`](camera.md#wb_camera_get_exposure) and [`wb_camera_set_exposure`](camera.md#wb_camera_set_exposure) to retrieve and change the [Camera](camera.md) exposure ([#2363](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2363)).
  - Bug fixes

>     - Changed ROS message type which [GPS](gps.md) publishes when it is configured to work in `local` GPS coordinate system ([#2368](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2368)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Changed ROS message type published by the [GPS](gps.md) node when it is configured to work in `local` GPS coordinate system ([#2368](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2368)).
```

>     - Changed ROS message type published by the [GPS](gps.md) node when it is configured to work in `local` GPS coordinate system ([#2368](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2368)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Changed ROS message type published by the [GPS](gps.md) node when it is configured to work in `local` GPS coordinate system ([#2368](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2368))**.
```

Sorry forget this in my first review.
